Honey, can you not read the book?
The three seats of Shangshu and Zuodu Imperial History
I had to take it off.
The prince wants me to bow down and be a thief
I also want to be with you forever
But I'm powerless now
I can't save you at all
Your Highness, I would like to do Hongzhuang and elope with you
Wandering the world from now on
Even if you eat bran throat vegetables
I will die without regrets
Is it the king's land under the sky?
Where can the two of us escape to?
I'm the only one on the ninth five
We can be together forever
Eight years
The throne of the emperor is really so important to you
Hey Wuer
Why can't the two of us be together forever?
It's not because the emperor is the emperor
Is he powerful?
daughter
This king really doesn't want you to get hurt in any way
Really?
The prince wants me today
No way.
Ye'er
If I want you
That fool will definitely find out
Why did the concubine change me to come?
Did you miss me?
There are beautiful women in the north
Peerless and independent, take care of the family city
The beauty of a toffee
It's addictive
Is it as long as I promise you?
You will send the Minister of Punishment
Minister of Rites
The governor and imperial historian are all called King Wei Jin
As long as the concubine serves me comfortably
I can fulfill your wishes
What do you want?
I recently developed a new set of gameplay